Content type templates (#4465)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: docs/templates/reference-template.md

alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
disable_image_expand: true # Stops images from expanding in a modal on click. Sets it for the entire page.
class: no-copy-code # Disables the copy code button for all code blocks on the page.
---

<!-- Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this reference guide is for and what this guide will help the user accomplish. -->
<!-- Reference material should not contain information about basic concepts. You can add links to explanation articles if needed. -->
<!-- See https://documentation.divio.com/reference/ for more info about how to write a reference article -->
<!-- See the following examples of reference documentation:
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/plugin-development/file-structure/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/configuration/
* https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/glossary/
-->
<!-- Remove these comments once you are done writing -->

## First section <!-- Header optional if there's only one section in the article -->

> <!-- Tables can be common in reference material. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Tables are common in reference material. -->
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for strengthening the likelihood of tables in reference material. I would add a common example like error codes and descriptions.

---
title: Nouns describing your subject
content_type: reference

# Optional values. Uncomment any that apply to your document.

# no_version: true # Disables the version selector dropdown. Set this on pages that belong to doc sets without versions like /konnect/.
# alpha: true # Labels the page as alpha; adds a banner to the top of the page.
# beta: true # Labels the page as beta; adds a banner to the top of the page.
---

> Add an introduction paragraph here. Good introductions explain who this reference guide is for and what this guide will help the user accomplish.

Reviewer: +1 . Though even the config reference topic above has _some_ introduction, though it's very short.

It doesn't hurt to include an intro, but a reference topic doesn't need a long one. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Add an optional 1-2 sentence introduction here. An introduction to a reference topic explains what the reference is documenting, but doesn't go into background detail.
```

Reference material should not explain basic concepts. You can add links to explanation articles if needed.

<!-- See https://documentation.divio.com/reference/ for more info about how to write a reference article -->
<!-- See the following examples of reference documentation:

> * https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/plugin-development/file-structure/

Reviewer: I actually don't think that's the most exemplary reference topic. That one is a bit of a mix of types. For a pure reference, I'd use https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/reference/router-expressions-language/
